ref/pr: add options & examples (#152)
iterative/cml.dev: content/docs/ref/pr.md

Commit specified files to a new branch and create a pull request. If sending a
report afterwards, consider using `cml send-comment --pr --update`.

> ⓘ Pull requests created with `cml pr` **won't** trigger a new CI/CD run
> under any circumstances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ⓘ Pull requests created with `cml pr` **won't** trigger a new CI/CD run,
thereby preventing an infinite chain of runs.
```

> ⓘ You can specify the files to track using any syntax supported by [Git pathspec](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitglossary#Documentation/gitglossary.txt-aiddefpathspecapathspec).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ⓘ You can specify the files to track using any syntax supported by
[Git pathspec](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitglossary#Documentation/gitglossary.txt-aiddefpathspecapathspec).
Note that globs may have to be quoted to avoid shell expansion (e.g. `"*.py"`
not `*.py`).
```

Reviewer 2: > _Note that globs may have to be quoted to avoid shell expansion_

Do we _really_ want to encourage replacing native `extglob` with out internal globbing?

Reviewer: idk. Sing Git itself supports both and we link to its docs, maybe we don't need to draw extra attention to it. Maybe discard this suggestion? :thinking:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ⓘ Files to commit can be specified using any syntax supported by
[Git pathspec](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitglossary#Documentation/gitglossary.txt-aiddefpathspecapathspec).
```

> ## Options
> 
> ```
> --help                      Show help                                [boolean]
> --version                   Show version number                      [boolean]
> --log                       Maximum log level
>         [string] [choices: "error", "warn", "info", "debug"] [default: "info"]
> --md          Output in markdown format [](url).                    [boolean]
> --remote      Sets git remote.                   [string] [default: "origin"]
> --user-email  Sets git user email.
>                                     [string] [default: "olivaw@iterative.ai"]
> --user-name   Sets git user name.
>                                             [string] [default: "Olivaw[bot]"]
> --repo        Specifies the repo to be used. If not specified is extracted
>               from the CI ENV.                                       [string]
> --token       Personal access token to be used. If not specified in extracted
>               from ENV REPO_TOKEN.                                   [string]
> --driver      If not specify it infers it from the ENV.
>                                        [string] [choices: "github", "gitlab"]
> ```
> 

Reviewer: not sure about adding this here...

- auto-generation is being tracked by https://github.com/iterative/cml/issues/361
- seems silly to copy-paste CLI `--help` into a web page
- we only have https://cml.dev/doc/ref/runner#options because it's super complex
  - we really should be replacing the above with proper examples (vis. https://cml.dev/doc/ref/runner#using---cloud-ssh-private) anyway

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Keeping a copy of `cml ··· --help` in the web page [does not](https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/add#options) look like a [silly](https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/add#synopsis) idea to me. Still, it would be better to avoid adding additional maintenance burdens to the documentation until we automate https://github.com/iterative/cml/issues/361 properly.

Reviewer 2: > _we only have https://cml.dev/doc/ref/runner#options because it's super complex_

And it would be much better if we didn't have to make an exception for a single command. Either all of them or none of them.

> _we really should be replacing the above with proper examples_ [...] _anyway_

💯 To my mind, both proper examples and an automatically generated command reference.

Author: I'm all in favor of automation (https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues/2770). But since it is not available yet, I still prefer having the manual burden of copy-pasting the help command to don't have this info present in the docs, at all. 

It feels even more important to have the automated `help` command on the CML case as I would say that it is more commonly use in C.I./C.D. workflows than in CLI mode (in contrary of DVC), so users might not have easy access to the contents of the command `--help`.

## Examples

### Commit all files in current working directory

```bash
cml pr "."
```

> ### Automatically merge P.R. using GitHub API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Automatically merge GitHub PR
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Automatically merge GitHub pull requests
```

```yaml
on: pull_request
jobs:

>   build:
>     runs-on: ubuntu-latest
>     steps:
>       - uses: actions/checkout@v2
>       - uses: iterative/setup-cml@v1
>       - run: |
>           date > file
>           gh pr merge --rebase $(cml pr file)
>         env:
>           GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ github.token }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cml:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - uses: iterative/setup-cml@v1
      - name: Generate data
        run: echo "Hello World" > output.txt
      - name: Create and merge PR
        run: gh pr merge --rebase $(cml pr "output.txt")
        env:
          REPO_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

--remote      Sets git remote.                   [string] [default: "origin"]
--user-email  Sets git user email.
                                    [string] [default: "olivaw@iterative.ai"]
--user-name   Sets git user name.
                                            [string] [default: "Olivaw[bot]"]
--repo        Specifies the repo to be used. If not specified is extracted
              from the CI ENV.                                       [string]
--token       Personal access token to be used. If not specified in extracted
              from ENV REPO_TOKEN.                                   [string]
--driver      If not specify it infers it from the ENV.
                                       [string] [choices: "github", "gitlab"]
```

## Examples

### Commit all files in current working directory

```bash
cml pr "."
```

### Automatically merge GitHub pull requests

```yaml
on: pull_request
jobs:
  cml:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - uses: iterative/setup-cml@v1
      - name: Generate data
        run: echo "Hello World" > output.txt
      - name: Create and merge PR

>         run: gh pr merge --rebase $(cml pr "output.txt")

Reviewer: PS would be nice to have a GL equivalent documented in another `<tab>`
